# Reading Prep: What Is a Book?

#### Erica Yee

## Questions or Observations

1. In the first chapter on the book as object, Borsuk chronicles how Mesopotamians first inscribed on damp clay tablets that could be held in a hand. The society was thought to only carve texts into stone for recording important events, since the clay tablets were much easier to create and transport. This made me wonder: Today, do paper or digital records feel more permanent? To me, the former can feel more permanent because I can hold it and not accidentally delete or change an electronic file. On the other hand, a file can be copied and backed up much more easily than physical books can.
2. At the end of the first chapter in the section "Reading and writing's shifts", Borsuk discuses how reading bookrolls was an oral practice to the ancient Greeks. Then mass publication technology and increased literacy levels led to perception and use of books as more private experience. Today, audiobooks are becoming more prevalent according to [industry trends](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2018/jul/09/easy-listening-rise-of-audiobooks-alex-clark). At first, I viewed this as coming full circle with the former oral traditions. However, on further thught that is not likely the case because I assume most audiobooks are listened to privately with headphones, rather than read and shared publicly (unless you're listening in a car). Back in ancient Greece, different readers may have also connoted different meanings and emphases with their interpretations of the same book. That also differs from the recorded nature of our audiobooks today in which every customer buys the same version with the same narrator.
3. I found this quote in the section "Type's foundings" of chapter two really thought-provoking: "In our own era of proliferating book copies, we have become so accustomed to the codex that we often fail to see it unless it fails us: an unwieldy textbook, a misprinted cover, a missing page." It led me to think about what aspects of books, excluding content, annoys me most. One big frustration is when books are converted to a format they were not meant for without necessary formatting. For example, a scanned PDF of a physical books in which the text is all crooked and the PDF page numbers don't line up with the book's original numbers. Though convenient for increased distribution, it  can be a pain to read.
