book-project/revised_proposal.md, before:

# Revised semester book project proposal

#### Erica Yee

### Format
My desired experience for a reader of my book project has somewhat changed from the proposal, though I still envision my book as a hybrid between a physical format and digitally interactive pages. Initially, I planned for the story to mostly be told through the physical aspect, a zine, with certain milestones leading the reader to open a few webpages which would have interactive components.

My main question throughout this ideation process was, what can the paper book contain that can't be done digitally, or at least works better in analog form? Professor Cordell helped me brainstorm that the physical book aspect could contain paper "artifacts" encountered in the story playing out digitally. This idea, coupled with learning about Twine, led me to flip my initial format ratio: The main story progression (and thus most of a reader's time) will be digitally through Twine, with some necessary flipping through a physical "scrapbook" to find keys to continuing the story.

### Content
My book will still be a choose-your-own-adventure (CYOA) fiction story, though there may only be two or so endings depending on how elaborate the plot gets. The story, told in second-person POV, opens with a Northeastern student waking up alone in the dark in Snell Library. Strange things start happening around campus and the student tries to discover what's going on.

### Materials/Equipment

Now that I'm creating a single physical book that is closer to an artist's book instead of zines that can be mass-printed, I want to spend more effort and resources on the  presentation. My current prototype is printed and folded like a zine, but ideally the end product will look and feel more like a scrapbook. I found plenty of digital archival pictures/materials from Northeastern's history that I want to include. The main issue is obtaining arts and crafts supplies like cardstock (and figuring out how to print on it). I think Blick art supplies store near campus will have a lot of materials I need. Or maybe I could create fake old letters, etc. using the typewriter in the studio.

Moving forward, I need to create the scrapbook and finish implementing the story plot on Twine.

Commit message:

added twine link to revised proposal

book-project/revised_proposal.md, after:

# Revised semester book project proposal

#### Erica Yee

### Format
My desired experience for a reader of my book project has somewhat changed from the proposal, though I still envision my book as a hybrid between a physical format and digitally interactive pages. Initially, I planned for the story to mostly be told through the physical aspect, a zine, with certain milestones leading the reader to open a few webpages which would have interactive components.

My main question throughout this ideation process was, what can the paper book contain that can't be done digitally, or at least works better in analog form? Professor Cordell helped me brainstorm that the physical book aspect could contain paper "artifacts" encountered in the story playing out digitally. This idea, coupled with learning about Twine, led me to flip my initial format ratio: The main story progression (and thus most of a reader's time) will be digitally through Twine, with some necessary flipping through a physical "scrapbook" to find keys to continuing the story.

The current Twine project can be found [here](https://ericayee.com/bbb_project/). The story starts there.

### Content
My book will still be a choose-your-own-adventure (CYOA) fiction story, though there may only be two or so endings depending on how elaborate the plot gets. The story, told in second-person POV, opens with a Northeastern student waking up alone in the dark in Snell Library. Strange things start happening around campus and the student tries to discover what's going on.

### Materials/Equipment

Now that I'm creating a single physical book that is closer to an artist's book instead of zines that can be mass-printed, I want to spend more effort and resources on the  presentation. My current prototype is printed and folded like a zine, but ideally the end product will look and feel more like a scrapbook. I found plenty of digital archival pictures/materials from Northeastern's history that I want to include. The main issue is obtaining arts and crafts supplies like cardstock (and figuring out how to print on it). I think Blick art supplies store near campus will have a lot of materials I need. Or maybe I could create fake old letters, etc. using the typewriter in the studio.

Moving forward, I need to create the scrapbook and finish implementing the story plot on Twine.
